README.md, before:

# English path
The spaced repetition app for English learning.

## ToDo by features:
- [x] add auth guards for auth protected pages
- [x] deploy this very first version of the app
- [ ] add sign-up page
- [ ] add an ability to restore auth credentials with email
- [ ] create the basis for database structure (I'll send it later since we need to discuss it beforehand in order to avoid critical mistakes as later it would be quite expensive to fix it)
- [ ] add the page with all decks with CRUD (create-read-update-delete) capability
- [ ] for simplicity, all decks will be public
- [ ] add client only search by title and tags
- [ ] each user can edit only his own decks
- [ ] add the page for deck editing (CRUD for cards)

### ToDo by implementation details:
- [ ] Use github action for google cloud run deploy https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/github-actions/tree/master/example-workflows/cloud-run
- [ ] Remove unused CSS https://tailwindcss.com/docs/controlling-file-size/#removing-unused-css
- [ ] nodemailer
https://github.com/ArturJS/ExtEdu-Api/blob/develop/src/components/registration/registration.service.mjs

- [ ] database structure
https://dbdiagram.io/d/5e9fd19f39d18f5553fe00be
suggestion for cards https://github.com/ankidroid/Anki-Android/wiki/Database-Structure

- [ ] learning algorithm
https://www.reddit.com/r/Anki/comments/8ngrjv/srs_algorithm_too_fast/
and https://github.com/ankitects/anki/blob/master/pylib/anki/sched.py

Commit message:

Added ability to display /graphql playground

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/import?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
